feat(graphics): Allow disabling linear interpolation for textures (#12430)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/_ui/tooltips.txt

tip "Cloaked ship outlines"
	`Controls the display of cloaked escorts. When fancy, causes the ship to become transparent and applies a red outline. When fast, simply shifts the ship to being red.`

tip "Linear filter"

> 	`Use a standard linear filter to make textures look smoother. (Requires game restart.)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`Use a standard linear interpolation filter to make sprites look smoother. (Requires game restart.)`
```
